MISRA Compliance Update (#26)
aws/Fleet-Provisioning-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk: MISRA.md

# MISRA Compliance

> The Device Defender Client Library files conform to the [MISRA C:2012](https://www.misra.org.uk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fleet Provisioning Library files conform to the [MISRA C:2012](https://www.misra.org.uk)
```

C:2012](https://www.misra.org.uk) guidelines, with some noted exceptions.
Compliance is checked with Coverity static analysis. Deviations from the MISRA
standard are listed below:
The Device Defender Client Library files conform to the [MISRA C:2012](https://www.misra.org.uk)
guidelines, with some noted exceptions. Compliance is checked with Coverity static analysis.
The specific deviations, suppressed inline, are listed below.

### Ignored by [Coverity Configuration](tools/coverity/misra.config)
| Deviation | Category | Justification |
| :-: | :-: | :-: |
| Directive 4.9 | Advisory | Allow inclusion of function like macros. Asserts, logging, and topic string macros use function like macros. |
| Rule 2.5 | Advisory | Allow unused macros. Macros defined for topic strings are not used by the library, but are part of the API. |
| Rule 3.1 | Required | Allow nested comments. C++ style `//` comments are used in example code within Doxygen documentation blocks. |

### Flagged by Coverity

> | Deviation | Category | Justification |

Reviewer: no deviations here but deviations in config?
